locations/ukraine/README.md, before:

# Covid help for your area

If you have covid help information for your area, please let us know, and we can add it here. 

Email: covid@nonprofitnetworks.org

We are seeking volunteers for each area to help create these resource pages - 
please email us your contact information, what area you are in, what languages you want to use, and whether you know how to use this GitHub site.

If you are a programmer who knows how to use git and GitHub/GitLab, then please help -
we want pull requests and we also want to add people to be pull request approvers.

## Alerts

Add alerts and related information for your area here.

## Health

Add healthcare information here, such as how to get tested in your area, how to get a doctor in your area, and more.

## Food

Add food information here, such as how to get food in your area, food banks, food sharing, and more.

## Utilties

Add utilties information here, such as how to get help with electricity in your area, water, sewage, and more.

## Miscellaneous

Add any other information here.

Commit message:

Update Ukrainian main README.md
Added overall current state of things in Ukraine

locations/ukraine/README.md, after:

# Covid help for your area

If you have covid help information for your area, please let us know, and we can add it here. 

Email: covid@nonprofitnetworks.org

We are seeking volunteers for each area to help create these resource pages - 
please email us your contact information, what area you are in, what languages you want to use, and whether you know how to use this GitHub site.

If you are a programmer who knows how to use git and GitHub/GitLab, then please help -
we want pull requests and we also want to add people to be pull request approvers.

## Alerts

[Active monitoring of situation with suspected cases of COVID-19 in Ukraine](https://public.tableau.com/views/monitor_15841091301660/sheet0?:display_count=y&:origin=viz_share_link)

[Coronavirus COVID-19 Global Cases by CSSE@JHU](https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6)
## Health

All information about current healthcare attempts can be found here: https://moz.gov.ua/koronavirus-2019-ncov

## Food

*Overall state on March 18, 2020*:
Local markets are open and working as usual, but schools, pubs and all sorts of entertainment facilities (public places) are ought to be closed. Any citizen can get food easily. It appears to be a mild panic among old people, as they are stocking up with buckwheat, rice and sugar mainly. Younger people react calmly, behaving as usual regarding buying the food.

## Utilties

Add utilties information here, such as how to get help with electricity in your area, water, sewage, and more.

## Miscellaneous

Add any other information here.
